DD-883 + DD-919: phase 2 - License mapping - publicationDate (#23)
DANS-KNAW/dd-verify-migration: docs/index.md

      named arguments:
        -c [FILE], --config [FILE]   application configuration file (default: etc/config.yml)
        -f [{true,false}], --withFiles [{true,false}]

>                                      The table expected_files is not filled without this option (default: false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                     The table expected_files is only filled with this option specified (default: false)
```
